A repository, or "repo" for short, is a coding project's files and the revision history for each file. 
Once you've set up a repository on GitHub, you can copy it to your device, add and modify files locally, then "push" your changes back to the repository where your changes display for the public.

-> git gommit - this will make a gommit with whatever changes have been staged. However,
it will try and use a default editor,  most students don't have one congifured, it will	
open up VIM (not a very beginner friendly editor) in your terminal (use ;Q to get out of it)

-> git gommit -m "add message here" - 

adding some new characters
				Git (Section 4)
What is a repo?

A repository, or "repo" for short, is a coding project's files and the revision history for each file. 
Once you've set up a repository on GitHub, you can copy it to your device, add and modify files locally, 
then "push" your changes back to the repository where your changes display for the public.

-> git status
-> git init
	Only have one repo in a project, check it with git status before creating it!

	Comitting
How to commit?
-> git add filename
-> git add

-> git commit - this will make a commit with whatever changes have been staged. However,
it will try and use a default editor,  most students don't have one congifured, it will	
open up VIM (not a very beginner friendly editor) in your terminal (use ;Q to get out of it)

-> git commit -  better use git commit -m "add message here"
-> git commit -m "add message here"  

-> git log

		
				Git (Section 5)
		Git Ignore
		Atomic Commits
		Configuring Default Editor(Mac)
		Writing Good Commit Messaged
		Amending Commits
		Navigating the Git Documentation
		Working with a GUI
	

	The Git Docs
https://git-scm.com/docs
There's also a Book.

	Atomic Commits
Keep the commits atomic. Focused on a single thing.
Use present tense or past tense. Imperetive style like giving orders.

	Configuring VIM(editor) & Git's default editor
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Appendix-C%3A-Git-Commands-Setup-and-Config

-> git commit - opens up the default editor and it's likely to be VIM

Editor Visual Studio Code
git config --global core.editor "code --wait"

I want to use notepad
git config core.editor notepad

	Closer look at the Git Log Command
commit 2ac0c51100a7f5ffba8bef66daa0223d1ff350c6 - commit hash
--oneline
-> git log --oneline
	
	Commit with a GUI